  Via anonymous FTP or WAIS to SunSite.UNC.EDU, anyone is free to
access the directory /pub/micro/pc-stuff/ms-windows/winsock, which
contains files and information pertinent to the Windows Sockets API.

  Here are the contents of the directory:

FAQ			A list of Frequently Asked Questions, with
			companion answers.  Please send additional
			questions or answers to towfiq@Microdyne.COM.

README			The file you are reading now.

apps/			Applications which have been written to run on
			top of the Windows Sockets DLL.  See the file
			README in this directory for a description of
			each application.

../incoming/		A directory where submissions to the archive
			(e.g. sample programs) should be placed.

packages/		This directory contains different vendors'
			WINSOCK.DLL's for testing purposes, as well as
			Windows Sockets development packages.  See the
			file README in this directory for a
			description of each package.

press-releases/		The text of some of the press releases about
			the Windows Sockets API.

winsock-archive/	An archive of the winsock@Sunsite.UNC.Edu
			mailing list.  (Send subscription requests to
			listserv@SunSite.UNC.Edu.)

wsguide.doc		The Windows Sockets Guide, by Martin Hall, JSB
			(martinh@jsbus.com).  In Microsoft Word for
			Windows format.

wsguide.ps		The Windows Sockets Guide, by Martin Hall, JSB
			(martinh@jsbus.com).  In PostScript format.

In the subdirectories winsock-1.0 and winsock-1.1 you will find the
specification in any of these following formats:

winsock.bmp		Windows Sockets icon in Windows .BMP format.

winsock.def		Sample Windows Sockets DLL Module Definitions
			File.

winsock.doc		Windows Sockets API specification in WinWord
			2.0 format.

winsock.h		Windows Sockets API header file for use with C
			and C++.

winsock.hlp		Windows Sockets API specification in WinHelp
			3.1 format.  (You need the 3.1 WINHELP.EXE to
			read it.)  Contact Joel Goldberger
			(joel@InfoMagic.COM) with comments, fixes.

winsock.hpj		Help project file used in conjunction with
			winsock.bmp and winsockx.rtf to generate
			winsock.hlp.

winsock.ico		Windows Sockets icon in Windows .ICO format.

winsock.inc		Windows Sockets API header file for use with
			Pascal (use in conjunction with winsock.pas).

winsock.lib		Windows Sockets API Import Library file.
			(This was generated by running IMPLIB on
			winsock.def.)

winsock.inc		Windows Sockets API header file for use with
			Pascal (use in conjunction with winsock.inc).

winsock.ps		Windows Sockets API specification in
			PostScript format.

winsock.rtf		Windows Sockets API specification in Rich Text
			Format.  (Also used to build WINSOCK.HLP.)

winsock.txt		Windows Sockets API specification in ASCII
			Text format.

winsock.wri		Windows Sockets API specification in Microsoft
			Write format.

winsock.zip		A file in ZIP format suitable for a developer
			to program against -- it contains WINSOCK.H
			and WINSOCK.DEF.

winsockx.rtf		Windows Sockets API specification in RTF
			format for use in generating WinHelp file.
			Please note that this is not the same file as
			winsock.rtf!  (See winsock.hlp and winsock.hpj
			for more information).

winsock.vb		Windows Sockets API header file for use with
			Visual Basic.

