Bopper, a new Internet biocomputing office protocol for
client-server data analysis.

A goal of my work for some time has been to provide client-
server interfaces to biocomputing software, to make typical
command-line programs or those with weak user interfaces
easier for the average biologist.   The Genetics Computer
Group (GCG) suite is an example of software that could
benefit from an improved user-interface through client-
server methods.   Although the GCG suite of programs is very
powerful in terms of all the analyses that can be done, it
is also intimidating to the average biologist to learn to
use this.   Many other programs written by bioscientists
fall in this category also.

I recently developed a new network protocol, and implemented
it in a server and a client program, to improve biocomputing
services.   It is based an existing protocol, POP for mail
reading, and its server software.  This I modified to
provide the details that seem needed for biocomputing data
analyses.  The result is called BOP (biocomputing office
protocol, an acronym that named itself), and bopper is the
server software to enable this.  The first client software
to use this is the new release of SeqPup.  It is a fairly
simple protocol, and other biocomputing client software may
wish to incorporate it.  The bopper source is
available at <ftp://iubio.bio.indiana.edu/util/dclap/source/
bopper.tar.gz>

On the server computer, the BOP protocol is handled in
essense as follows:
- a client logs on to server with username and password
- receive inputs from client as a command-line plus data
  input file block
- execute a program/process on server to analyze this data
- return result files when the client requests, for each
  process, storing several process results until called
  for.

BOP has advantages for biocomputing services over popular
existing protocols like HTTP and SMTP (e-mail).  BOP is
stateful, unlike HTTP, maintaining a connection for a long
period of time if need be to allow a complex transaction
between client and server, although it has a time-out
option.  Also the client can to reconnect to server as
desired and continue with transactions.  BOP uses passworded
accounts on the server to track resource use; optionally
anonymous connections are permitted.   BOP knows how to
transfer multiple data files to and from the server.   BOP
allows both interactive processing (like HTTP) and deferred
processing (like stored e-mail), which permits the best user
interactions for cases where data analyses may be either
quick or slow.

On the SeqPup client side, this protocol is implemented in a
manner similar to the use of local external programs that
SeqPup already handles. One writes an HTML Form to describe
a dialog for selecting program options, and use sequence
data as selected from the SeqPup editor windows. A few
special variables for data inputs and outputs, server host,
etc. are used.


